Mds/okta 524282/okta 528021 update mobile sdk overview (#4332)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/mobile-idx-sdk-overview/main/ios/gettingatoken.md

> Getting the authorization token takes two-steps. First, request an access token after the sign-in flow is successful. Then receive that token from the server. The access token is represented by a `Token` object from the `AuthFoundation` library that is a dependency for the Swift IDX SDK. You can store the token securely in the Keychain using Credential, another class from the `AuthFoundation` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting the authorization token takes two steps. 

1. Request an access token after the sign-in flow is successful. 
1. Receive that token from the server. 

The access token is represented by a `Token` object from the `AuthFoundation` library that is a dependency for the Swift IDX SDK. You can store the token securely in the keychain using `Credential`, another class from the `AuthFoundation` library.
```

Author: Nice change. Done and in next commit.

This example shows part of the implementation of the `InteractionCodeFlowDelegate` protocol functions that are called as part of getting the authorization token.

```swift

import OktaIdx
import AuthFoundation

class SignInController: InteractionCodeFlowDelegate, ObservableObject {

//   ...

   // Set to true after the user has signed in successfully.
   @MainActor @Published var successfulSignIn: Bool = false

   // Delegate function called for each sign-in step.

>    func authentication<Flow>(flow: Flow, received response: Response) where Flow : InteractionCodeFlow {

Reviewer: Split onto two lines?
